# SquidGames-Token
https://thesquidgames.app/
## Welcome to International Squid Games Token.  
International Squid Games was created by a simple concept combining the best of a TV concept and tokenomics and creating a token that allows ANYONE and EVERYONE to become very RICH without having to compromise your life. This is a fan made token using the best in the spirit of the show and not licensed by Netflix.  
## About International Squid Games.  
International Squid Games was created by a simple concept combining the best of a TV concept and tokenomics and creating a token that allows ANYONE and EVERYONE to become very RICH without having to compromise your life.   

Just buy and hold and we’ll give you bonuses in the hottest game in town Axie Infinity. Transaction fees from buy and sell orders are redistributed via Axie Infinity (token: AXS) rewards with highest yields at of 7%. No claiming required. AXS are sent automatically to hodlers every 3 hours.  

NFTs will launch shortly paying tribute to the players of International Squid Games.  

The Squid Game International Edition game will also be available on your mobile devices.  

## Tokenomics
#### Address:
https://bscscan.com/address/0x7c4f83697da7341e2e6766fede02f3b685343551#code

#### 7% DIVIDEND PAID IN AXS
7% of every transaction is accumulated for dividends to holders – Paid in Binance Peg AXS.
#### 3% BUY BACK FUND & MARKETING
3% of all transactions will be taken by the contract, a configurable portion will be used for marketing while the bulk of the tax will be used to buy back and burn our token to offset the selling pressure generated by the dividend mechanic. Unlike Squid Games, everyone wins on this deal.   
#### BUYBACK, BURN AND RISE
There’s a 2% tax on each transaction to buy and burn each transaction. This eliminates total tokens and increases the value for everyone on each transaction.  
#### AUTOMATIC DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION.  
Dividends are automatically reflected relative to your holdings; distribution cycle times depend on number of holders in the market and transaction volume but can be claimed manually - A minimum of 100k tokens is required to be held to qualify for dividend distribution.  
